c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Capstone4.dll.config
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Capstone4.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Capstone4.pdb
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Facebook.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Google.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Twitter.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.MicrosoftAccount.xml
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.dll
c:\users\erick\onedrive\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\SendGrid.CSharp.HTTP.Client.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\SendGrid.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\SendGrid.SmtpApi.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\SendGridMail.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\System.Net.Http.Formatting.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Common.Logging.Core.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Common.Logging.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Quartz.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Common.Logging.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Common.Logging.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Common.Logging.Core.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Common.Logging.Core.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Quartz.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\Quartz.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\PayPalAdaptivePaymentsSDK.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\PayPalCoreSDK.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\PayPalAdaptivePaymentsSDK.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\SharpShip.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\EasyPost.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\RestSharp.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\EasyPost.pdb
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\RestSharp.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\GoogleMaps.LocationServices.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.d1.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.s.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.d.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.bb.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\PayPalAdaptiveAccountsSDK.dll
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\bin\PayPalAdaptiveAccountsSDK.xml
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.f.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.vv.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.ff.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.s1.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.d2.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.f1.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.f2.resources
C:\Users\erick\OneDrive\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\Capstone4\Capstone4\obj\Debug\Capstone4.Migrations.d3.resources
